[CIS-1002] Message List Documentation (#1437)
GetStream/stream-chat-swift: docusaurus/docs/iOS/components/thread-header-view.md

import ComponentsNote from '../common-content/components-note.md'

> This component is responsible to display the information in the header of a thread. By default, it is rendered in the `navigationItem.titleView` of the [`ChatThreadVC`](../thread).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This component displays the information in the header of a thread. By default, it is rendered in the `navigationItem.titleView` of the [`ChatThreadVC`](../thread).
```
